Fix PE-D bugs in UG (#201)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W15-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* When an order is completed (marked as both `paid` and `delivered`), 
the colour of the particular order's card will be in a darker shade than an uncompleted order. 

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb: **Tip:**

Reviewer: Not sure if tip is the right marker for this alert, maybe something like note would be better?

Author: ah ok, thank you :)

> You can mark an order with insufficient stock as paid (to record pre-payments) but you **cannot** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can mark an order with insufficient stock as paid (to record payments for pre-orders) but you **cannot** 
```
might be clearer here

> mark an order with **insufficient stock** as **delivered**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mark an order as **delivered** if there is **insufficient stock** of the item(s) involved in the order. 
```
might be a bit better here
